Grpc for Cisco IOS-XR in python
--
Author: Karthik Kumaravel

Contact: kkumara3@cisco.com

This is a small repo testing GRPC in python for the IOS-XR end node. This setup is currently working in the IOS-XRv on vagrant.

To get started with IOS-XRv on Vagrant: https://xrdocs.github.io/

The example is a small python file showing how to set up the connection and use one of the rpc calls. Please look at the unit-testing and client page for more rpc calls.

If you find any problems with this repo, please file a bug so I can fix it. If you need help, feel free to contact me. 


GRPC Calls
--
The file is called example_grpc.py. This file has an excamples of the different rpc calls. This configuration shows how to get things started with self signed certs.

- Download the repository
- Install grpc

```
pip install grpcio
```
(sudo may be required)
- ssh into the router and turn on grpc and tls on the router, below is an example configuration.

```
interface GigabitEthernet 0/0/0/0
 ipv4 address 192.168.1.2 255.255.255.0
 no shut

grpc
 tls
 port 57777
 !
!
```

- Copy the autogenerated .pem file to the 'keys' folder in the client directory.

```
scp cisco@192.168.1.2:/misc/config/grpc/ems.pem ./
```

(note if you don't want to use TLS, don't pass the cred and options)

- If you are using your own box, change the parameters in the example.py file to have the proper authentication credentials.
- Run the program

```
python example.py
```


To be done
--
Here is a list of current work to be done
- Add example vagrant setup
- Examples of all the different tests
- More unit testing
- Documentation around MDT telemetry
